everybody son back once again and yes
I'm back whenever Sony Xperia T video
and try to get a lot of these shot at
the same time so I've got a couple these
videos to show you show you guys and
girls now I will not always proves
popular a lot of people like to see me
do is brought to the languages so in
this video I'm going to show the
languages that come stock on this device
now this is a UK device so again they
did the languages on this one you know
may not come on the one if you know if
you're getting yours in a different part
of the world generally to normal
European device but anywhere along could
look fighter there so let's just go down
to a language is an important so what a
lot of people normally want to know is
obviously the language but then they
want to know what the gas to the
keyboard as well so as you can see here
strout the bar it has google voice
typing gas chinese keyboard japanese
keyboard and the normally xperia
keyboard so Sonya a bit hooking up most
countries stray off the bat you know by
all these different kind of keyboards
the default one is generally the
denominator on but you can have Chinese
and Japanese as well now jumping into
the top here with all the languages so
start the top obviously united kingdom
which why I'm kirlyam and I'm going to
try and watch some of these funds now
non purpose but I'm gonna try and see
some of them so we have got is it bahasa
indonesia bahasa mill melayu versus
under we got is a boss boss nakia at
katella and six Tina says sistina yeah
thanks I think's dunks now we've got is
it Dutch dykes officer we got a normal
doge doge doge normal German
lichtenstein German Austrian and a Swiss
German bhasin that's a rough indication
we've got Esther it got Australian
English we've got Canadian English we've
got English hong kong SAR china it's but
nothing that modifies previously we were
indian english don't know that existed
we've got Irish English jame
in English New Zealand English
Philippines English Singapore English
South African english united states
english now personal i never knew there
was so many English languages in the
world but apparently there is so we've
got espanol which is Argentinian version
you gotta spend your offer Bolivia for
Chile Colombia and Costa Rica Ecuador of
Salvador and espanol is Spanier yes
Spanish Spanish I'll spain spanish we've
got espanol is it I gotta say it
sometimes estados unidos and we've got
another warm got it español gutter malwa
and he guess it got to mother so it
looks like Honduras Mexico no Nick I go
out grab ya Panama Spaniard we got
paraguay peru pottery korba formula
Republic the Dominican Republic Republic
Dominican but Jamaican Republic we got
uruguay venezuela now i don't know if
it's just me are you so far that the
hell of a lot of them languages so far
we have then got zoom in a little bit
we've then got em is it Scarah is this
kara we got french which i'm gonna guess
Belgian Canadian French French Swiss
French kiss a guess we've got a visit
Gallagher hurt visca and I guess it's
this is Lance car again I do apologize
italiano italian italiano Donna in all
honesty is it's very severe Zara uh-huh
jawa lat visu i'm gonna guess it one
least he was latvian it's just a guess
from the one well against latvian from
latvia and lithuania which one yes is
like lit little video magyar got
Netherlands Belgium Netherlands
Netherlands and the narcs bach ma your
bokmål polski portuguese brazilian
portuguese portuguese romanian i'm going
to guess
and skip pipe put you I don't know again
slovakian slovenian that's just a guess
we've got srpski Swami it's vänskä
tagalog tieng viet turkish i'm pretty
sure it's Turkish I'm sorry time before
and then down to the ones where I gotta
have a clue it's again i'll show you how
many ways obviously you can work out
which ones are on there but must err in
terms of devices this device has got
every language I've ever ever seen a
lovely device and don't know if any of
these Arabic and honest answer if not if
they are Arabic let me know down below
you know let me know which one it is say
like top from bottom etc or something
against me is a Chinese Japanese Korean
etc but that's it that's languages on
the Sony Xperia T and I must say that is
pretty impressive in terms of languages
again I've never seen a device after
that main languages on before and again
this is a video that's requested by a
lot of people if you don't like it don't
watch it anywhere thank you for watching
if you've got any questions about this
you not to do about how again twitter
facebook all that kind of good stuff
don't forget to like the video feed you
enjoy it i met a phone myself at imma do
it but I do it because people ask for it
anywhere thanks for watching and I'll
see ya M&S video shows ever
you